hey how's it going Dave 2d here this is
the zephyr SS vein by asus now i did an
early look at this product about a month
ago using an engineering sample but this
is the retail unit and i've been using
it for about two weeks and i want to
share some thoughts about this product
as kind of a good daily driver for me so
the big thing about this product that is
most unique to it is I think the
thermals so thin and light gaming
laptops are not uncommon nowadays right
lots of brands are doing it we've seen
the msi ge62 5 the razor blade the Aero
15 there are other companies making thin
and light devices but I think these guys
do it best because of the thermal
solution that they've used so when you
open up this laptop it has this hinge
that opens up an air gap at the bottom
of the laptop and in doing so it just
gives it a lot more airflow so the air
goes from the top of the laptop through
this top area here and it goes out the
back and the sides now on a traditional
gaming laptop this kind of airflow isn't
possible right your keyboard would
normally be up at the top and this
wouldn't allow air to flow as freely but
the Zephyrus s along with the original
Zephyrs has a keyboard shifted down and
we'll talk with the keyboard a little
bit there's some one focus on the
thermals right now but this design here
gives this laptop incredible thermal
performance I'm able to maintain max
boost clock with any kind of workflow
and kind of benchmark any kind of
gameplay just because of the thermal
design so put it this way the zephyrus s
has software they called armory crate
which allows you to tweak settings and
adjust lighting and stuff but they
actually have an overclocking section
within this app this is the world's
thinnest gaming laptop and they're able
to overclock the GPU it's crazy so this
device comes with a gtx 1070 max-q
and you can overclock it to the point
where it actually performs almost
identical to a regular gtx 1070 for the
laptop i was not expecting that and I'm
super impressed they're able to do this
on a device that looks this then the
overall gaming performance of the
Zephyrus s is fantastic now in order to
get that kind of performance they had to
do this whole shifting of the keyboard
down and I think that pops a question up
in a lot of people's mind like is this
keyboard comfortable is this trackpad
comfortable and I think when you first
use this like the very first day you use
it it's going to be weird it looks weird
and if you're left-handed you're boned
trying to use the trackpad but I think
most people can get used to this
keyboard pretty readily it actually
feels very similar to a desk
keyboard to me like there's no wrist
rest on those and this feels kind of
like those after using this for a couple
of days I think most people will enjoy
it I will say though that if you used
this keyboard with a large table in
front of you so you can kind of rest
your wrist and your arms on a table
while you're using it it's a much more
comfortable experience at least for me
the trackpad is a different story I
think it's gonna take more than a couple
days to get used to I'm someone's
actually used several laptops with the
trackpad on the right so I've seen this
before and I've used laptops like this
before if this is your only device
you'll get used to it over time the
number pad feature is kind of cool you
can kind of switch between trackpad and
number pad and the trackpad itself is
great it's a winners precision trackpad
and the button mechanics are good I have
a couple complaints though number one it
doesn't have a print screen button
anywhere on this keyboard and I think
that's something like 99.9% of world
doesn't care about but if I'm trying to
take screenshots for whatever I can't
like I got to use the snipping tool
whatever the other thing is that the
lighting on this thing is relatively dim
now gaming laptops often have like crazy
RG B's and stuff like that
it's RGB lit but it's really dim and I
feel like some people really care about
that they want that like RGB experience
and you don't quite get it on this
particular keyboard the rest of this
device is really good though like the
screen fantastic 144 Hertz 3 millisecond
response time it's a really fast gaming
laptop screen I think it's the fastest
15 inch gaming laptop screen on the
market right now it's very enjoyable to
play games on and because of the
performance of the 1070 max-q
you're getting smooth frame rates across
the board the speakers are also in a
great location they face the user you
get pretty good sound quality from them
the battery life is short it's a 50 watt
hour battery I'm getting like two and a
half to three hours of battery life on
this thing but this device on the whole
is something that I think a lot of
people enjoy so I think the pricing is
like 1819 hundred dollars depending on
the configuration there's a weaker
version that I think is even cheaper
than that but it's a it's a device
that's built really well and they've
cooled it really well in a chassis that
is the smallest in the world like it's
kind of hard for me to kind of convey
how impressive this is because I see a
lot of laptops I see a lot of thin and
light gaming laptops and I see a lot of
companies try to make something that
kind of hits all three factors right
then
good performance good thermals but this
guy it does it it does it all-night
there are some compromises obviously the
keyboards in a weird position and
because of the opening hinge it's not
ideal for lap use right it's definitely
better on a table but the overall
product is really solid for the price so
if you're looking for a thin and light
laptop and you want that kind of overall
package and you don't mind that shift of
the keyboard definitely check this thing
out because I think a lot of people are
looking for something like this and are
kind of unsure of whether or not it's a
good fit but this is my experience with
it okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
you